**In many parts of the world today children and teenagers are committing more crimes. Why is this the case? How should these young criminals be punished**

Old people: elders = elderly people = the elderly = senior citizens ·
Young people_: the youth = the young = _teenagers_ = _adolescents_ = youngsters.

It is widely perceived that there is an increase in the crime rate of children and teenagers. This effect could have some complex reasons behind it. ~~This essay will give a careful explanation about how advanced technologies affect children and also propose a practical implementation about the punishment to protect children's future.~~ This essay will explore the huge impact of advanced technologies on children's behaviors, specifically in committing a crime, and also propose a practical solution that governments could implement to the punishment, focusing on the rehabilitation. 
 
The primary reason the rate of juvenile delinquency is continually rising is that adolescents are usually influenced by harmful activities on the internet, which leads to the urge to implement crime related actions without mindful decisions. Indeed, with the sprout of social media platforms including Youtube, Facebook and Instagram, users can easily approach a variety of information, diversifying from filtered content to ~~violated posts~~ violent content . Although these platforms have already set age-restricted regulations, there is still a large proportion of children who can freely access the sites, leading to some inevitable interactions with harmful content. However, children do not possess a fully-developed cognition, which ~~negatively encourages~~ inadvertently  them to mimic dangerous actions and a toxic mindset. Consequently, those who are affected by this unsuitable mindset could also spread to their peers, contributing to the growth of crime rate in adolescents.

Providing an appropriate solution to punish this group of people can be a non-trivial problem. While some specific nations directly punish this demographic, education or psychological rehabilitation can be an outstanding approach, balancing between moral considerations and the future of children. It is clear that ~~the conviction of a young child frequently happens when their parents do not spend their time educating the offspring~~ juvenile crimes frequently happen when parents do not spend adequate time educating their offspring . Psychologists and educators with their professional expertise can easily provide ~~an~~ insightful advice and fix their mindset. This, consequently, can treat their psychological problems, which also preserves their future without torturous experiences in incarceration.

In conclusion, social media platforms can directly affect children's mindset by providing inappropriate content. Although they limited the access with their age restriction rules, a large number of children can access these websites uncontrollably. To set a proper punitive measure governments should provide psychological treatment instead of incarceration.



---
It is widely perceived that there is an increase in the crime rate of children and teenagers. This effect could have some complex reasons behind it. This essay will explore the huge impact of advanced technologies on children's behaviors, specifically in committing a crime, and also propose a practical solution that governments could implement to the punishment, focusing on the rehabilitation. 
 
The primary reason the rate of juvenile delinquency is continually rising is that adolescents are usually influenced by harmful activities on the internet, which leads to the urge to engage in  criminal behaviors without mindful decisions. Indeed, with the development of social media platforms including Youtube, Facebook and Instagram, users can easily approach a variety of information, diversifying from filtered content to  violent content . Although these platforms have already set age-restricted regulations, there is still a large proportion of children who can freely access the sites, leading to some inevitable interactions with harmful content. However, children do not possess a fully-developed cognition, which inadvertently  them to mimic dangerous actions and a toxic mindset. Consequently, those who are affected by this unsuitable mindset could also spread to their peers, contributing to the growth of crime rate in adolescents.

Providing an appropriate solution to punish this group of people can be a non-trivial problem. While some specific nations directly punish this demographic, education or psychological rehabilitation can be an outstanding approach, balancing between moral considerations and the future of children. It is clear that juvenile crimes frequently happen when parents do not spend adequate time educating their offspring . Psychologists and educators with their professional expertise can easily provide  insightful advice and fix their mindset. This, consequently, can treat their psychological problems, which also preserves their future without torturous experiences in incarceration.

In conclusion, social media platforms can directly affect children's mindset by providing inappropriate content. Although they limited the access with their age restriction rules, a large number of children can access these websites uncontrollably. To set a proper punitive measure governments should provide psychological treatment instead of incarceration.